OSDOCS-8964: Adding bug fix and blueprint notes in the microshift rel… (#69950)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_release_notes/microshift-4-15-release-notes.adoc

//[id="microshift-4-15-new-feat-based-on-{op-system-ostree}"]
//==== Placeholder for new feat bases on RHEL Edge

[id="microshift-4-15-installation"]
=== Installation

[id="microshift-4-15-blueprint-included"]
==== Sample blueprints now included

> The `microshift-release-info` RPM now contains sample blueprints that can be used for image building. The blueprints include both {microshift-short} RPM packages and container image references.

Reviewer: Do we need to show where the blueprint files are located, or is it up to the user to run the `rpm -ql <package>` to find them ?

Reviewer 2: For a release note, we may want to skip the location to keep the text concise? 
In the docs, it should definitely be mentioned.

Reviewer: @ggiguash That seems reasonable.

Reviewer 3: No location in the release notes. We can xref back to the section in the install docs once we have that done. Remember that this part of the doc is headlines and highlights.

|====

[id="microshift-4-15-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

//[discrete]
[id="microshift-4-15-installation-bug-fixes"]
=== Installation

> * Previously, the `microshift-release-info` RPM depended on the `microshift` RPM. With this release, you can download and install the `microshift-release-info` RPM independently for use in image building.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-22854[*OCPBUGS-22854*])

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `microshift-release-info` RPM depended on the `microshift` RPM. With this release, you can download and install the `microshift-release-info` RPM independently for use in image building. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-22854[*OCPBUGS-22854*])
```

> * Previously, the `microshift-release-info` RPM depended on the `microshift` RPM. With this release, you no longer have any dependencies and {microshift-short} RPMs can be downloaded and installed independently.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-22854[*OCPBUGS-22854*])

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `microshift-release-info` RPM would depended on the `microshift` RPM. With this release, you no longer have any dependencies and you can download and install {microshift-short} RPMs independently.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-22854[*OCPBUGS-22854*])
```

> * Previously, the `microshift-release-info` RPM depended on the `microshift` RPM. With this release, you no longer have any dependencies and {microshift-short} RPMs can be downloaded and installed independently.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-22854[*OCPBUGS-22854*])

Reviewer 3: @ggiguash Please confirm/deny. The bug text doc changes say "the former," meaning the release info RPM ("This allows the former to be downloaded and installed independently when building MicroShift ISO images").

> * Previously, the `microshift-release-info` RPM depended on the `microshift` RPM. With this release, you no longer have any dependencies and {microshift-short} RPMs can be downloaded and installed independently.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-22854[*OCPBUGS-22854*])

Reviewer 2: Yes, your suggested text is correct.
